docs: Examples/readme updates (#2084)
immutable/ts-immutable-sdk: examples/README.md

    Immutable's code examples as used for the code snippets in the Immutable Docs
    <br />
    <a href="https://docs.immutable.com"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
  </p>
</p>
<hr />

**Table of Contents**

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Running examples locally](#running-examples-locally)
- [Contribution guidelines](#contribution-guidelines)
- [Adding examples](#adding-examples)
- [End to end testing](#end-to-end-testing)
- [Using code examples in the docs site](#using-code-examples-in-the-docs-site)
<hr />

# Introduction

The example apps in this examples directory are compiled and tested as part of our CI CD pipeline. The goal of this is to ensure the examples found here are always able to run against the latest version of the Immutable Typescript SDK. 

Selected portions of code from these example apps is then displayed as code snippets in our docs site, which means our code snippets in the docs are inherently always accurate as well. How to include the code from here in the docs site is explained below. 

These example apps can also be used directly as a reference and run locally to test and develop with.

# Running examples locally

> First you need to clone the `ts-immutable-sdk` repo. There is no need to install the root node modules or build the SDK since the examples have their own `package.json` files and pull the node modules from npm rather than the local build.

Author: all good. i'll re word this. the reason why i thought that was probably because i alraeady had the other dependencies installed so it was fast, but also when i run `yarn install` it seems to create node_modules folders inside the identity-with-nextjs and wallets-transactions-with-nextjs which i would not have expected if they were being installed to the root.

> First you need to clone the `ts-immutable-sdk` repo. There is no need to install the root node modules or build the SDK since the examples have their own `package.json` files and pull the node modules from npm rather than the local build.

Reviewer: I think it will still create node_modules to the apps if those dependencies are used only in that app and no where else

You will also need to create e2e tests for your example as covered in the [End to end testing](#end-to-end-testing) section.

Creating code snippets in the docs site using your example code is covered in the [Using code examples in the docs site](#using-code-examples-in-the-docs-site) section.

If your code example is going to be used as code snippets in the docs site, before merging your branch to main in `ts-immutable-sdk` you should follow the steps in [Using code examples in the docs site](#using-code-examples-in-the-docs-site). These steps help you to test the code snippets in the docs site before you merge your PR which avoids double handling and multiple pull requests across both repos.

## Creating a new example app

The process may differ if you're using a different Javascript Framework, but this assumes you will be creating a new example app using NextJS. These steps which were implemented to create the [Passport Connect](/examples/passport/wallets-connect-with-nextjs) example. It is a good reference point in terms of route structure and page layouts. If you need to copy code from there to help with your layouts then please go ahead.

### Setup example app

> If you want to make a new NextJS app from scratch this is the process;

Author: We can, i don't think it should block this PR though. Perhaps its something we add when im rotating around the teams if they want to create a sample app using vite?

> If you want to make a new NextJS app from scratch this is the process;

Reviewer: Yeap makes sense, agreed.

Create a branch in `ts-immutable-sdk` to add your example to.

In the console navigate to the product directory where your example will live (or create one if it doesn't exist). Then use `yarn dlx` to create the app.

> ```

Reviewer: Can we add syntax highlighting to all the codeblocks? For eg here we could do ```bash, and below in the code snippets for the config files for eg we could add ```ts/```js

```

Run your tests with `yarn test`

# Using code examples in the docs site

Creating and using code snippets is relatively straight forward. You can pull in a whole file or by adding some comments you can pull in just a particular few lines of a file as necessary.

To streamline the PR process, you should create a branch in the `docs` repo to add your code snippets before your branch for the code example in `ts-immutable-sdk` is merged to main. This way we can point the docs site to your branch for the code snippets and you can see your code example in situ and make any changes required to your code example before going through the PR process.

## Update import code branch

In your `docs` branch modify the file `/src/remark/import-code.mjs` and update the `BRANCH` constant from `main` to the name of your branch on `ts-immutable-sdk` e.g.

```
const BRANCH = 'DVR-193-passport-signing-example';
```

Now your `docs` branch will be pulling the code examples from your branch in `ts-immutable-sdk` and you can use them locally in your `docs` branch to make sure they make sense in the page.

> Make sure to change this back to `main` before merging your `docs` branch or it will break the docs site.

Reviewer 2: Might make sense to bold this or make it a little more obvious as it is a disclaimer

## Creating code snippets

> In your code examples in `tsimmutable-sdk` find the parts of the code you want to use as code snippets and wrap them in the `#doc` and `#enddoc` comments while providing a label.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In your code examples in `ts-immutable-sdk` find the parts of the code you want to use as code snippets and wrap them in the `#doc` and `#enddoc` comments while providing a label.
```

Labels have to be unique within a file so you should use a simple naming convention to avoid clashes within the file e.g.

e.g. `<library>-<tag>`

```
// #doc eip1193-create
const passportProvider = passportInstance.connectEvm()
// #enddoc eip1193-create
```

Make sure to commit and push the labels to your `ts-immutable-sdk` branch on GitHub so they can be pulled down into your `docs` local build from there.

## Using code snippets

It's very simple to use the code snippet in the docs site, you just add a code block with the reference to the file and the `#` of the label you want to display e.g.

````
```tsx reference=examples/passport/wallets-connect-with-nextjs/src/app/connect-with-eip1193/page.tsx#eip1193-create title="Create the Passport Provider"
```
````
Or if you want to display the whole file just don't include a `#` label at the end of the file reference e.g.

````
```tsx reference=examples/passport/wallets-connect-with-nextjs/src/app/connect-with-eip1193/page.tsx title="Create the Passport Provider"
```
````

> Just like regular code snippets, you can set language for syntax highlighting, in this example we are setting it to `tsx`.

Reviewer 2: It's not clear to me what languages this supports out of the box. Is there a link we can refer to or add another row in the table below? Not a biggie though as I don't imagine this edge case will be encountered often

## Update import code branch

In your `docs` branch modify the file `/src/remark/import-code.mjs` and update the `BRANCH` constant from `main` to the name of your branch on `ts-immutable-sdk` e.g.

```
const BRANCH = 'DVR-193-passport-signing-example';
```

Now your `docs` branch will be pulling the code examples from your branch in `ts-immutable-sdk` and you can use them locally in your `docs` branch to make sure they make sense in the page.

⚠️ ⚠️ ⚠️ **IMPORTANT** ⚠️ ⚠️ ⚠️

Make sure to change the branch back to `main` before merging your `docs` branch or it will **BREAK** the docs site.

## Creating code snippets

In your code examples in `ts-immutable-sdk` find the parts of the code you want to use as code snippets and wrap them in the `#doc` and `#enddoc` comments while providing a label.

Labels have to be unique within a file so you should use a simple naming convention to avoid clashes within the file e.g.

e.g. `<library>-<tag>`

> ```

Reviewer: Can we add syntax highlighting to all the codeblocks? For eg here and in similar places we could do ```ts/```js, and in other parts we could also add the ```bash syntax highlighting.
